 Chicago White Sox vs. Philadelphia Phillies Game Commentary

Top of the 1st:

 Alvarado starts on the mound for the Phillies, Banks for the White Sox.
 Abreu grounds into a double play to end the inning. 
 Alvarado gets Anderson to strike out to end the inning. 

Bottom of the 1st:

 Castellanos grounds into a double play. 
 Gregorius grounds into a double play to end the inning. 

Top of the 2nd:

 Banks is still on the mound for the White Sox, but Alvarado has been replaced by [New Pitcher Name] for the Phillies.
 Engel strikes out.
 Gonzalez strikes out.
 Grandal hits an out to end the inning.

Bottom of the 2nd:

 Hoskins hits a home run! Phillies take a 1-0 lead.
 Marsh hits a single.
 Bohm successfully executes a hit and run, advancing Marsh to third. 
 Camargo grounds into a double play.
 Castellanos hits an out to end the inning.

Top of the 3rd:

 [New Pitcher Name] is still on the mound for the Phillies.
 Burger hits a home run! White Sox tie the game 1-1.
 Engel hits a single.
 Gonzalez successfully bunted, advancing both runners.
 Grandal grounds into a double play. 
 Jimenez grounds into a double play to end the inning.

Bottom of the 3rd:

 Marsh grounds into a double play.
 Bohm hits an out to end the inning.

Top of the 4th:

 [New Pitcher Name] is still on the mound for the Phillies.
 Anderson strikes out.
 Andrus hits a single.
 Burger hits a single, advancing Andrus to second.
 Engel grounds into a double play to end the inning.

Bottom of the 4th:

 Harper hits a single.
 Herrera is out on a bunt attempt.
 Hoskins hits a bunt, advancing Harper to second.
 Marsh hits a single, scoring Harper. Phillies take a 2-1 lead.
 Bohm hits a single, advancing Marsh to second.
 The pitcher tries to pick off the runner, but he is safe.
 Camargo hits a single, scoring Marsh. Phillies extend their lead to 3-1.
 Castellanos hits a home run! Phillies now lead 6-1.
 Gregorius hits a single.
 Hall hits an out to end the inning.

Top of the 5th:

 [New Pitcher Name] is still on the mound for the Phillies.
 Gonzalez grounds into a double play. 
 Grandal hits a single.
 Jimenez hits a home run! White Sox score two runs, bringing the score to 6-3.
 McGuire grounds into a double play to end the inning.

Bottom of the 5th:

 Bohm hits a single.
 Camargo successfully bunted, advancing both runners.
 Castellanos hits a single, advancing all runners.
 Gregorius grounds into a double play.
 Hall hits a single, scoring Camargo. Phillies take a 7-3 lead.
 Harper hits a double play to end the inning.

Top of the 6th:

 [New Pitcher Name] is still on the mound for the Phillies.
 Grandal hits a triple.
 Jimenez grounds into a double play. 
 McGuire grounds into a double play to end the inning.

Bottom of the 6th:

 Bohm hits an out.
 Camargo hits a double.
 Castellanos grounds into a double play to end the inning.

Top of the 7th:

 [New Pitcher Name] is still on the mound for the Phillies.
 Burger hits an out.
 Engel hits a single.
 Gonzalez successfully bunted, advancing both runners.
 Grandal grounds into a double play to end the inning.

Bottom of the 7th:

 Hoskins hits a single.
 Marsh is out on a bunt attempt.
 Bohm grounds into a double play to end the inning.

Top of the 8th:

 [New Pitcher Name] is still on the mound for the Phillies.
 Anderson hits a home run! White Sox score one run, bringing the score to 7-4. 
 Andrus grounds into a double play.
 Burger grounds into a double play to end the inning.

Bottom of the 8th:

 Hall grounds into a double play.
 Harper hits an out to end the inning.

Top of the 9th:

 [New Pitcher Name] is still on the mound for the Phillies.
 Grandal strikes out.
 Jimenez hits an out.
 McGuire hits an out to end the inning.

Bottom of the 9th:

 Bohm hits an out.
 Camargo strikes out.
 Castellanos hits a single.
 Gregorius hits a single, advancing Castellanos to second.
 Hall grounds into a double play to end the game.

Final Result:

Philadelphia Phillies win 7-4! 
